README.md, before:

<!-- START doctoc generated TOC please keep comment here to allow auto update -->
<!-- DON'T EDIT THIS SECTION, INSTEAD RE-RUN doctoc TO UPDATE -->
**Table of Contents**  *generated with [DocToc](https://github.com/thlorenz/doctoc)*

- [Blockchain restful API](#golang-template-project)
  - [About the project](#about-the-project)
    - [API docs](#api-docs)
  - [Getting started](#getting-started)
    - [Layout](#layout)
  - [Notes](#notes)

<!-- END doctoc generated TOC please keep comment here to allow auto update -->

# Blockchain restful API

## About the project

This project is an API to make request against a blockchain using a smart contract.

### API docs

* AddNewTransport: POST petition what creates a new transport. 
* GetTransportById: GET petition to get a transport by id.
* TransportRouteAddFarmRecollectionToTransport: POST petition to add a farm in a collection.
* TransportRoutePopFarmRecollectionToTransport: POST petition to remove a farm in a collection.
* GetTraces: GET petition to get all traces.
* GetTraceById: GET petition to get all traces filter by id.
* AddNewTrace: POST petition to create a new trace.
* TraceRoutAddFarmToTrace: POST petition to add a farm in a trace.
* TraceRoutAddTransvaseToTrace: POST petition to add a transvase in a trace.

## Getting started

Below we describe the conventions or tools specific to golang project.

### Layout

```tree
├── .github
├── .gitignore
├── README.md
├── api
│   ├── commom
│   │   └── constants.go
│   └── controllers
│   |    └── trace.go
│   |    └── transport.go
|   └── repositories
|   |   └── trace.go
|   |   └── transport.go
│   └── api.go
├── blockchain
│   └── erros.go
│   └── hyperledger-app.go
│   └── interface.go
├── models
│   ├── models.go
├── main.go
├── wire.go
├── wire_gen.go

```


## Notes

Commit message:

doc: add commands to set up the server in README.md

README.md, after:

<!-- START doctoc generated TOC please keep comment here to allow auto update -->
<!-- DON'T EDIT THIS SECTION, INSTEAD RE-RUN doctoc TO UPDATE -->
**Table of Contents**  *generated with [DocToc](https://github.com/thlorenz/doctoc)*

- [Blockchain restful API](#golang-template-project)
  - [About the project](#about-the-project)
    - [API docs](#api-docs)
  - [Getting started](#getting-started)
    - [Layout](#layout)
  - [Notes](#notes)

<!-- END doctoc generated TOC please keep comment here to allow auto update -->

# Blockchain restful API

## About the project

This project is an API to make request against a blockchain using a smart contract.

### API docs

* AddNewTransport: POST petition what creates a new transport. 
* GetTransportById: GET petition to get a transport by id.
* TransportRouteAddFarmRecollectionToTransport: POST petition to add a farm in a collection.
* TransportRoutePopFarmRecollectionToTransport: POST petition to remove a farm in a collection.
* GetTraces: GET petition to get all traces.
* GetTraceById: GET petition to get all traces filter by id.
* AddNewTrace: POST petition to create a new trace.
* TraceRoutAddFarmToTrace: POST petition to add a farm in a trace.
* TraceRoutAddTransvaseToTrace: POST petition to add a transvase in a trace.

## Getting started
First of all, need to set up a blockchain. If you want to use test-network of hyperledger tou can execute:
```
./network.sh up createChannel -c mychannel -ca
./network.sh deployCC -ccn basic -ccp ../asset-transfer-basic/chaincode-go/ -ccl go
```
After this set up the server:

```
$ ~/go/bin/wire
$ ./blockchain-restful-api
```
Below we describe the conventions or tools specific to golang project.

### Layout

```tree
├── .github
├── .gitignore
├── README.md
├── api
│   ├── commom
│   │   └── constants.go
│   └── controllers
│   |    └── trace.go
│   |    └── transport.go
|   └── repositories
|   |   └── trace.go
|   |   └── transport.go
│   └── api.go
├── blockchain
│   └── erros.go
│   └── hyperledger-app.go
│   └── interface.go
├── models
│   ├── models.go
├── main.go
├── wire.go
├── wire_gen.go

```


## Notes
